The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step.

Lao Tzu
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.

Friedrich Nietzsche
Famous Virgil quote "Fortune favors the bold"
“Fortune favors the bold.” – Virgil
Life is what happens when you’re busy making other plans.

John Lennon
When the going gets tough, the tough get going.

Joe Kennedy

You must be the change you wish to see in the world.

Mahatma Gandhi
You only live once, but if you do it right, once is enough.

Mae West
Famous Descartes quote "I think, therefore I am"
“I think, therefore I am.” – René Descartes
Tough times never last but tough people do.

Robert H. Schuller
Get busy living or get busy dying.

Stephen King
Whether you think you can or you think you can’t, you’re right.

Henry Ford
Tis better to have loved and lost than to have never loved at all.

Alrded Lord Tennyson
Benjamin Franklin quote "Time is money"
“Time is money.” – Benjamin Franklin
A man is but what he knows.

Sir Francis Bacon

You miss 100 percent of the shots you never take.

Wayne Gretzky
If you’re going through hell, keep going.

Winston Churchill
Strive not to be a success, but rather to be of value.

Albert Einstein
Famous Julius Caesar quote "I came, I saw, I conquered"
“I came, I saw, I conquered.” – Julius Caesar
Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do.

Mark Twain

Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people.

Eleanor Roosevelt
Those who dare to fail miserably can achieve greatly.

John F. Kennedy
The opposite of love is not hate; it’s indifference.

Elie Wiesel
Famous saying "When life gives you lemons, make lemonade"
“When life gives you lemons, make lemonade.” – Elbert Hubbard
Never let the fear of striking out keep you from playing the game.

Babe Ruth
Life is like a box of chocolates. You never know what you’re going to get.

Forrest Gump
He that falls in love with himself will have no rivals.

Benjamin Franklin

Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it.

Charles Swindoll
Vince Lombardi quote "Practice makes perfect"
“Practice makes perfect.” – Vince Lombardi
Dream big and dare to fail.

Norman Vaughan
A great man is always willing to be little.

Ralph Waldo Emerson
That’s one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind.

Neil Armstrong
Every man is guilty of all the good he did not do.

Voltaire

Francis Bacon famous quote "Knowledge is power"
“Knowledge is power.” – Sir Francis Bacon
Quotes from Famous People
Some quotes are well-known simply because they were first said by famous people.

These are famous quotes from historical figures, influential thinkers, and celebrities whose words have influenced others.

Historical Figures
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.

David Brinkley
In three words I can sum up everything I’ve learned about life: It goes on.

Robert Frost
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.

Mother Teresa
The future belongs to those who prepare for it today.

Malcolm X
Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great.

John D. Rockefeller
"Have no fear of perfection, you'll never reach it"
“Have no fear of perfection, you’ll never reach it.” – Salvador Dalí
The greatest glory in living lies not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.

Nelson Mandela

When you reach the end of your rope, tie a knot in it and hang on.

Franklin D. Roosevelt
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.

Eleanor Roosevelt
In the long run, the sharpest weapon of all is a kind and gentle spirit.

Anne Frank
Sing like no one’s listening, love like you’ve never been hurt, dance like nobody’s watching, and live like it’s heaven on earth.

Mark Twain
"It always seems impossible until it’s done"
“It always seems impossible until it’s done.” – Nelson Mandela
Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.

Teddy Roosevelt
People are just as happy as they make up their minds to be.

Abraham Lincoln

Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world.

Harriet Tubman
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.

Winston Churchill
Remember that the happiest people are not those getting more, but those giving more.

H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Tolstoy quote "If you want to be happy, be"
“If you want to be happy, be.” – Leo Tolstoy
The only impossible journey is the one you never begin.

Tony Robbins
When I dare to be powerful – to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid.

Audre Lorde

I have no special talent. I am only passionately curious.

Albert Einstein
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be.

Ralph Waldo Emerson
May you live all the days of your life.

Jonathan Swift
Disraeli quote "Hope for the best, but prepare for the worst"
“Hope for the best, but prepare for the worst.” – Benjamin Disraeli
We have nothing to fear but fear itself.

Franklin D. Roosevelt
Famous Thinkers
Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it.

George Santayana
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.

Edmund Burke
Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.

Albert Einstein
Life would be tragic if it weren’t funny.

Stephen Hawking
"Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication"
“Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication.” – Leonardo da Vinci
It is never too late to be what you might have been.

George Eliot
The power of imagination makes us infinite.

John Muir
Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear.

George Addair